                                                   Report on Digital Alarm Clock
Embedded System is a combination of both hardware and software which is designed to do a specific task. These are often mass produced for goods such as watching machines, microwave oven, telephones etc.. Some of the Embedded systems need not to have fastest processor, biggest memory but some of the embedded system need to be cost effective irrespective of processor speed and memory. The main concern of embedded systems is the power consumption. It is very important for a designer to know about the power consumption.
               Embedded systems have sensors to read input data and pass it to the processor. Processor examines the input and decides the output. And then the processor send the output signal to actuators. From actuators we can get the outputs. Embedded systems often have simplified designs, they may or mat not have OS. Processor is the main that process the input data and decides the output. The program of the equipment will be in the machine code of the processor and stored in ROM.
              Digital Alarm Clock is an application where Embedded systems are commonly used. To be cost effective, an IC is designed for it. This IC consists of the processor along with some electronic circuitry needed by the processor like ROM. IC is connected to both the input and output. In this application the inputs are the buttons to set the time and the outputs are display, beeper and an alarm indicator. The entire program of the alarm clock is stored in ROM.
            We can write the program based on its working process. We can also program it using JAVA. Initially we need to identify the classes needed like a class for display and another class for the alarm to beep. In this manner we can write the program based on our convenient language. And this entire program will be stored in the machine code of the processor.
  
